This is a win that you have several
to joy and satisfaction
leads it goes then called a thin one
against an opponent that it whole
difficult to play is history
namely always says that twente again
A plow is the one that you find very difficult
can win
and if you like that he is
not at all
not in a way like all of us
very much like to see it in a way that
another way what one
you also like rotterdam that is
namely
yes fighting and it was him again today
have a bit in fact match like
you then the
can close with three points then
I think that's right here
who are you on what your clue that are
son went on to play it so completely
paper at least well I am natural
well i am coming from twente and then my
little brother internship
disappoint then you still have some muscles
take a walk
I looked into a certain point in that
The media came out that they had a large competition
I had a sense of van
nasa will sometimes be able to do something else
to do and also entered
how I then look at a team like
twente with with types of players who animals
maybe very suitable for
to be
and then you get a whole today
depressed and committed to being with
five times in the back where he plays
hard to play against is it was
fight then you get namely or 435 one
penalty and then you miss for the
a penalty a fifth time in a row
with that
I don't want that for most
my second time but for it
Past says it's been up five times
you drive so yes there is very difficult
to answer them
I honestly hope for this now
not really busy with it
my car in itself again that we three
have grabbed points and I think so
the most important thing is but it is
what you are going to discuss were you
with that in the arena last week at 0 0
to 1 and 7 pm you will get it
useful if this involves training
when lures you go 60 yourself
then attract budget
then i see him in then it makes it
after all, a world core 2 of 8
and they actually come on the radio
Nicole Jansen who says what was that
good today in every way
pushing that opinion yes I can again
explain you which goal
yes that is always nice because me
I understood what you are going to say
her sometimes one understands the state where he is
kind of that that the media is about
find very annoying
if you fly all the way to dubai and you
want all the training you want viewed
filming and then it was just a moment
where what a co- articles professional
yes very convenient is a moment
special cameras without media and if
today we are reaping the benefits
can pick
if that he had nice and intended
more on the corners and free kicks that
we must trend in such a world dubai
could emerce sun than media I understand
I want him if you help and I do it
not bad either but sometimes it is
it sentenced very very quickly and
but yes well that 's us
kikkerlandje if you visit the whole week
week decided to train and win the league
we go to the people thereon
you walk
are you going to run lou more well now
then you know how drunk , but yes
he would be on you then but you go first
jan is good it is good hold a bit
out of the wind and all our bodies whatever
filming you also like just such good I
find everything best
then the second half in it starts
For a moment , Vermeer always has it that way
is good release a ball
yes that's right yes the die boom that die
First of all I went wrong already
got in in in in a deep pass
those that fit I thought that was boar
stepped and and buddha he remained something
hanging behind I was not angry with us
and then
yes that shoots here and let him go
and angel az is very good at that
well that happens then and afterwards
react very well
you must be boloboost afraid of that
he didn't want you to play there well because
namely
like you just indicated that i like something
expect from twente and she with 2
pointed to play and that
for us, in optics, it is better
this that bulla 'what played inside
say to jensen on the outside
there the man or caught by which we
could still have a free man in the back
because because if you with one
with two in front and one behind
I see that it is possible
all i times are definitely the
circumstances today
this is a smooth mistake and then you can
everyone made a mistake once in a while
make or slip and then you cannot
fix more if you go into it
that is why the choice is for
from moulin rouge list and entered what
he before the winter break
yes just very pretty
you know it has been 10 years
ago it 's so far wind in arena
cold and your erwin koeman can train them
you also know it was 10 years ago
that we have hibernated european
so that his mountain promises makes him happy
the the number 8 all those all those who
statistics that you sometimes have to knock over
throw poles for a week and be me
pay for every drink
I don't drink that much so it seems to me
roads start with the cheap bowl
talking about cheap